When you were younger,
life seemed so simple.
You did your best
to do what’s right—
Giving answers
and preaching the good news;
You would pray each
and ev’ry night.
But as you got older,
with this world trying to mold you,
Suddenly it was not so easy
to be knocking on those doors.
But as you get taller,
smarter, trying to work harder,
Never let go of Jehovah.
The best is still in store.
You have a treasured place
in Jehovah’s house;
He’ll help you out.
And you have so much to offer,
so much to do.
Jehovah sees your faith;
Know he treasures you.
Now you are older
and dealing with changes,
Like all the trials
have just begun.
Growing anxious
from all of your fears—
Talk to God;
he always listens.
And as you get wiser,
find the ways you can apply
The truth in your life
and feel the joy of sacrifice.
And as you get taller,
smarter, trying to work harder,
Never let go of Jehovah.
The best is still in store.
You have a treasured place
in Jehovah’s house;
He’ll help you out.
And you have so much to offer,
so much to do.
Jehovah sees your faith;
Know he treasures you.
So use your strength
for Jehovah’s name.
You won’t regret it;
just ask the ones who did it.
You have a treasured place
in Jehovah’s house;
He’ll help you out.
And you have so much to offer,
so much to do.
Jehovah sees your faith;
Know he treasures you.
So use your strength
for Jehovah’s name.
You won’t regret it;
just ask the ones who did it.
So use your strength
for Jehovah’s name.
You won’t regret it;
just ask the ones who did it.